with money montero
click to see
how about friends welcome to the new
videoblog this time from the airport
of nairobi starts here and will end if
everything is going well in madrid is the end of the
stage 8 that started
it 's a state issue
only with the camera
good that the theme is that stage 8
it ends here it started in madagascar 8 ago
months and it's over in nairobi I have to
be in the ryder between 11 and 13
this is in formigal in Spain those who
you are there, come and see us
phenomenal we will laugh and
Someone else came this blog wanted
talk to you about everything I wanted to tell you about
theme of traveling by stages as
important to travel by stages is
find a place to leave the motorcycle
Y
each end of stage you have to find him
a hotel to the motorcycle at the beginning
I was worried a lot before I left
lately and I always worried
that I arrive at a meeting encounter
where to leave it safe this time has not
could have been better because it's official bbv
the bike is badly damaged
it has many scars of war this
stretch is very hard and things have happened
lately created I will teach and
you will need intensive care nothing
important nothing inside is everything then
the picture the screen of the suitcases
Well now what I'm going to do is
disassemble things the front suspension
is very fucked then I'm going to
take I think because he has already told me that
know someone
it's 5:30 we're in istanbul
How hot are you in this continent?
following with the video once you have already
the motorcycle guardadita and in this case also
disassembled by the theme of the pieces
is another important issue that is the
luggage I always leave things there and I
I bring others then what I do
it is always and this is a quality but
you have to keep in mind
I make a video of the things that are left
because then the truth that then never
you remember that you have left and that
no but the third most important one is missing
that now
we are here
how about bulerías we are in madrid
then continuing with the video of
finish them one of the things that has
when you travel in stages and you do not have
home is to blow somewhere then
for a few days of being at home a
friend who is on vacation on top of
home and then we'll see where I am
I mean for the month and a half or two I wanted
be in spain well we follow then
with the video and I'm still making arrangements
and he's going to be a very intense day and very
long and kill fast
is that someone gives you a motorcycle
let's go I have five minutes to get there
a 'radio brand'
let's go
three chosen music each and that's not
well there is that you have to
I'm late, I'm the last to arrive but
come spectacular because clear when
you take care of leaving because it's yours
we have one that comes out tomorrow
but to the marq I bet my song because
the music takes and the rest are
pretty bad
the club not impossible bunbury
but good good good thanks
well then we continue with the gymkhana
a long time ago he kept all my
part 2
well it does not look very good but all these
boxes are all my all my assets of
all this the only thing I need is some
sneakers some pants and some
shirts to change more than anything
good is already with this plantation and
come from boxes more the thing is that
I always wonder is
there will be in other cases not
I need everything you do
good what is clear is that I pass
life putting packages on good bikes
kids up here the video blog today
Stage 8 is officially completed
thank you very much everyone for having
accompanied once more but not just one
more but more and more in number and
especially in quality every time
we interact more and I think it 's a
little more community this and that's what
more happy and a little bit proud
I feel like nothing thanks to the
soon we return to the load chau